Lord Song, this is the neighbor of the deceased
Please tell Lord Song what happened yesterday.
Sin, because of the soldiers
Someone must have done something wrong
It involves us.
What the hell are you doing?
There are no ghosts in this world
Just last night at two or three o'clock
I just fell asleep when I heard the house
There was a strange sound of music outside
So I went out and I took a look.
I see the whole street is foggy
There is a group of people in white clothes walking ahead
The three people at the back led their wives and followed behind
Two of them, he's got kids.
So I wanted to go up and pull them
But no matter how hard I try
They're like possessed. They don't move.
No way
I can only take the baby out first
They have a folklore.
It is the guilty person who hides
The underworld will send underworld soldiers to take people from the underworld
But the Yin soldiers are affected by Yang Qi in the Yang world.
Often fail to see criminals
It's a good old saying that it's easy to hurt people by mistake
Yin soldiers evade strangers
It must be a ghost sent by the King of Hell in the Netherworld
Collected them
You can say they did something wrong.
It also involves us
Oh no.
We also saw hard soldiers
We are helpless
There were no injuries on the deceased
Engraved
Is it really because of the military loan?
Go first soul